All right welcome back my students on the last lecture.
I thought this by in here was kind of a different from what it is now.
And I thought it was a had to do with a class that I was given a class form control.
But I guess it wasn't that.
And I was just playing around with it a little bit but it isn't that it wasn't that.
So I'm going to take this off.
I'm just going to leave it like this.
As a matter of fact I might just take the class out because it's going to make things.
I got to leave didn't know they I just got to leave it that way these guys.
All.
I got to play around with it right now.
Later on after we finish all this if we want to tweak it and you know tweak our application to have
different styles cool.
We do that but right now we've got to focus on making this work.
So let's find out we are actually getting some type of data right.
Right now it's blank.
Let's go to our ad admin post controller
this torment is the one responsible to receive all that data.
Let's see what he's receiving.
OK.
And devilishness
create this return that is returning all of this so we can say it is working.
All right.
Cool.
One thing that I want to do here is that I want to make a request.
Whoops.
I saw this data I'm stealing thinker.
Just get out of there.
So let's make our requests here for validation for our form in posts.
So Whoops.
The HP areason make requests posts create requests.
All right.
We go synchronize mice.
Here
we go.
This is true here.
And let's see what we are going to be validating.
All right.
So we know that if we don't have a category we don't want to go anywhere.
So category ID
this should be required
.
What else should be required.
A photo
what else a title we can have a force without a title right.
So the should be required
and body.
OK.
Now of course you can make these ladies so that way makes more sense
.
All right.
Let's go back to our.
As a matter of fact in our views because all we want to do now is display the arrows right.
But we have a form.
Let's go back to.
Right.
We've got this tray here.
I'm just checking some things out guys.
All right.
So let's go to resources real quick.
And we see inclusive form error Belaid.
All right.
So we can include this just like we did in our users.
I mean that's right.
Was it in that it was only created.
So we are including these errors there so we can do that to our boss create a year.
OK.
Make sure to actually make this a role so that way you guys don't have a problem with it
.
Just stop being lazy right.
All right.
So we've got validations in place we'll test them later.
But we know it's working well just in case you want it tested go ahead and do that.
That's OK that's good.
They're beautiful.
All right.
So we've got to continue this in the next lecture because we still got a couple of more things to do
here.
Thank you so much.
See you in the next lecture